---
header_text: "Burglar Alarm System Gravesend"
meta_title: "Alarm System Gravesend, Cctv Gravesend. Alarm Service Gravesend"
meta_description: "Alarm System Gravesend, CCTV Gravesend. Alarm Service Gravesend, Alarm Battery Replacement Gravesend, Home Alarm System Gravesend. Tel 020 8302 4065"
permalink: "/pages/gravesend/"
layout: page
---

If you are looking for a local home and business security company, then you have come to the right place! We are a family run company based in Sidcup and cover Gravesend and surrounding areas for all things home and business security related. If your existing burglar alarm system has developed a fault or it needs an alarm system service - or maybe you are looking to get a brand new system installed or upgraded, then give us a call. We can create any package to suit your needs. Why not check out some of our existing packages here: [Burglar Alarm Systems in Gravesend.](/categories/burglar-alarms/) We can tailor create any package to suit your property or requirements. Additional sensors, door contacts, keypads and more can be added to any of our packages. Contact us if you have any questions. Are team are always happy to help.

We offer the latest in CCTV. Our ColorVu CCTV cameras have been extremely popular and we have installed systems across Gravesend, Dartford and Sevenoaks. They offer 24 hour colour imaging compared to older systems where the night time images are in black and white. Our hard wired CCTV systems do not rely on an internet connection, so if your internet is down, your cameras will still be recording with the footage stored on to its hard drive. Our CCTV systems also offer remote viewing so that you can login to your system from anywhere in the world and view live footage and playback recordings. Check out some of our CCTV packages here: [CCTV Systems in Gravesend.](/categories/cctv/) We can create any package to suit your property or requirements.

Does your existing house alarm need a new battery? Maybe the keypad no longer works? Or maybe you just want a service and the system checked over. We offer servicing and alarm system battery changes for all makes and models of alarms. If you dont know the brand of alarm system, dont worry, just send us a photo of the panel and we can identify it from there. Send your photo and enquiry to us at <Sales@MyAlarmSecurity.co.uk> or give us a call on 020 8302 4065 for more info on having your [burglar alarm serviced in Gravesend.](/categories/servicing-and-repairs/)